{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf270
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 What is ShapeFinder?\

\b0 It's a tool for processing trace data for analysis of SHAPE data.  It was written primarily by Morgan Giddings and Jessica Severin at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, in Lloyd Smith's lab and was known as BaseFinder at that time.  The program was started in 1991 by Morgan, and continued refinement through 1997.  More recently, it has been maintained by Morgan Giddings at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.  giddings@unc.edu.\
\

\b How to Install?
\b0 \
Prior to installation, it is best to manually delete the previously installed BaseFinder and/or ShapeFinder.  Next, Drag and Drop the ShapeFinder.app file into the Applications folder.  \
\

\b How to Build?
\b0 \
Open the file BaseFinder/BaseFinder.xcodeproj in Xcode.  Select the ShapeFinder Target and build.  The BaseFinder project is set up to build as a universal binary and supports Mac OS X 10.4 and 10.5. Have fun! \
\
\

\b Other contributors:
\b0 \
Mike Koehrsen\
Suzy Vasa\
Nicolas Guex\

\b \
\
HISTORY\
\
ShapeFinder Release Notes\
\

\b0 Version 0.2\
-GUI issue with Leopard (10.5) items in lists, such as Script Inspector, etc. were not highlighting when selected.\
-Removed Deconvolution Tool and Filter FFT tools from the list of tools\
-Added Mobility Cubic tool to the list of tools\
\
Version 0.1\
-Birth of ShapeFinder name.  Based on BaseFinder version 6.2.10\
\
Known bugs/issues\
- BaseFinder cannot save in ESD format.  So, the first time the user tries to save an ESD file after opening, the save panel will come up, requiring the choice of a new format.\
 \
}